Introduce IPPool CRD and FlexibleIPAM feature gate (#2442)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/feature-gates.md

This feature is currently only supported for Nodes running Linux and "encap"
mode. The support for Windows and other traffic modes will be added in the
future.

#### Requirements for this Feature

None

### FlexibleIPAM

> `FlexibleIPAM` is a feature that allows flexible control over pod IP Addressing. This can

Reviewer: `pod` to `Pod`

Author: Done

be achieved by configuring custom resource `IPPool` with desired set of subnets. Such pool
can be annotated to Deployment or StatefulSet, and Antrea will manage IP address assignment

> for corresponding pods accordingly.

Reviewer: ditto

This feature is currently only supported for Nodes running Linux and "encap"
mode. The support for Windows and other traffic modes will be added in the
future.

#### Requirements for this Feature

None

### FlexibleIPAM

`FlexibleIPAM` is a feature that allows flexible control over pod IP Addressing. This can

> be achieved my configuring custom resource `IPPool` can be configured with desired set of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be achieved by configuring custom resource `IPPool`, which can be configured with desired set of
```
?

Author: Thanks, done

subnets, and then annotated to deployment or stateful set. Antrea will use this annotation
to manage IP address assignment for corresponding pods.

Note that IP pool annotation can not be updated, but rather re-created. IP Pool can be
extended, but can not be shrunk if already assigned to a resource.

Traditional `Subnet per Node` IPAM will continue to be used for resources that do not have
pool annotation specified.

Usage example:

```yaml
apiVersion: "crd.antrea.io/v1alpha2"
kind: IPPool
metadata:
  name: pool1
spec:
  ipVersion: 4
  ipRanges:
  - start: "10.2.0.12"
    end: "10.2.0.20"
  - cidr: "10.2.1.0/28"
```

```yaml
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  annotations:

>     ipam.antrea.io/ippools: '["pool1"]'

Reviewer 2: maybe also document the behavior when the ippool is annotated but is not created. does the deployment fail or is ignored and falls back on node's subnet

Author: I was thinking to expand the docs with finer details when the actual feature comes about. We'll likely need to create a separate doc for the feature.

Reviewer 2: sounds good
